Annual opioid fatalities have now surpassed the yearly number of deaths from AIDS at the height of that epidemic in the mid1990s.

In 2016 drug overdose deaths numbered 63,000, more than the U.S. death toll from the entire Vietnam War.

This may not seem like an obvious way to fight an abuse epidemic, but few other options exist.

This discovery could pave the way to new therapeutic options, and illuminates our understanding of the spec­trum of interactions in the prostate-cancer  microenvironment.

Only in certain cases of disease or trauma did cells from the immune system enter the brain, and when they did so, it was to attack.

Earlier this year ominous headlines blared that Cape Town, South Africa, was headed for Day Zero—the date when the city’s taps would go dry because its reservoirs would become dangerously low on water.

That day—originally expected in mid-April— has been postponed until at least 2019 as of this writing, thanks to water rationing and a welcome rainy season.

“They said they think it’s Russia,” he said. “I have President Putin; he just said it’s not Russia. I will say this: I don’t see any reason why it would be.”

If academia is a pyramid, postdocs are at the bottom; Kit is uncomfortably aware that she has limited time to prove her worth and amass  enough high-profile research to attain her own lab.


Nonetheless, the premise that you can speak a language without any accent at all is a loaded one.


A loaded question example: Why is Trump such an asshole?  A neutral question: Does Trump exhibit any negative or positive outward characteristics?

A growing body of research suggests that our bodies  function optimally when we align our eating patterns with our circadian rhythms。

Nutrition scientists have long debated the best diet for optimal  health.
长期以来，营养学家们一直在争论对于理想的健康状况而言，最佳的日常饮食是什么。

Studies show that chronically disrupting this
rhythm — by eating late meals or nibbling on midnight snacks,  for example — could be a recipe for weight gain and metabolic trouble.

Dr. Panda argues that people improve their metabolic health when they eat their meals in a  daily 8- to 10-hour window, taking their first bite of food in the morning and their last  bite early in the evening.


This approach, known as early time-restricted feeding, stems  from the idea that human metabolism follows a daily rhythm, with our hormones, enzymes and  digestive systems primed for food intake in the morning and afternoon.

Why are we, and not the gorillas, running the zoos?
